01. Convene Meeting
The VGDC Board will vote to convene the Meeting

Attendance: Amitoz Brar, Tanzim Hossain, Connor Horman
Explained Absence: Nafiz Hasan, Julia Sabelli, Yasir Saeed
Unexplained Absence: 

Non-board attendees: 

The presiding officer will address non-board attendees regarding meeting rules:
Non-board attendees are not permitted to vote and votes from them will not be counted, nor will objections raised by them count against unanimous consent
Non-board attendees shall refrain from speaking during a voting period, and from attempting to enter objections or motions
Non-board attendees may participate in discussion, raise informal objections to Board actions, or recommend the Board take some action the Board may take
This applies to discussion prior to any Substantive or Procedural Action
Non-board attendees are required to conduct themselves in a professional and appropriate manner, and refrain from speaking over others, including members of the Board, and shall refrain from use of excessive profanity. Non-board attendees may interrupt the speaker to get their attention.
The Board has the authority to remove any non-board attendee from the meeting at any time for any reason or for no reason

Meeting Convened: 12:29

02. Appoint Speaker
The Board will vote to appoint a speaker

Connor Horman was appointed as speaker


03. Adopt Agenda
The Board will vote to adopt the agenda.

Motion Carries
04. Approve Minutes
The Board will vote to approve the minutes from the 2022-11-22 meeting.

Motion Carries

05. New Board Regulations And Constitutional Amendments
The Board will vote on new Regulations:

Moved til after Item 8.

06. Non-Board Regulation Reports
The Members of the Board will report on any regulations they have made with respect to their positions since the November 6th meeting

07. Events and Goals for the Current Primary Term
The Board will enter a discussion about events, projects, and goals during the Fall 2022 and Winter 2023 semesters. 

Game Project
Connor: Platformer using a rust game engine (possibly with scripting).
https://doc.rust-lang.org/book
Julia to Organize the Project and lead work on the Game
Connor to lead engine design
Repository: https://github.com/uwindsorvgdc/Game-Project 
Platformer: pixel art- 
Parkour platformer
Like Celeste
Few or no enemies, just platforming
Workshops at CSS Winter Game Jam
Did this happen?
No, on either side
Presentations
Do something
Perhaps over reading week? (Feb. 18-26)
Show people how to bring 3d objects? 
Unity? 
Workshop?
08. Governance/Constitution Review
The Board will conduct an in-depth review of Board Regulations and the Constitution
Constitution:
General:
marked for removal:
2: can be moved into 1
5: unnecessary
7: unnecessary
9: unnecessary
8: typos
Executive:
marked for removal:
1.1.1: obvious
1.1.3: already covered in General
1.1.5: check UWSA policy
2.2: completely unnecessary
2.6: succession order defined elsewhere
1: use short name
3: remove summer part
Board:
Section 1:
1: short title
2: Head of Operations
Section 3:
2: first point time period can be condensed to just “the year”
Section 5:
revisiting member fee
Section 6:
strike “to maintain records…”
09. Open Discussion
The Board will enter an open discussion.

10. Adjourn Meeting
The Board will Adjourn the Meeting

Meeting Adjourned 13:07
