January Meeting------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1 Convene meeting
	    Meeting convened under rule 1 at 19:16
2 Appoint Speaker
      Appointed Usman as speaker under rule 1 
3 Adopt Agenda 
	    Agenda adopted under rule 1
4 Discussion Items
5 Adjourn Meeting
	    Meeting Ajourned under rule 1 at 19:46
	    
	    
	    
February Meeting------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Date: Feb, 09, 2022 
Start time: 8:00pm
End time: 9:00 pm
Meeting duration: 1 hour
Items to be discussed during the meeting:
	.Review last month's minutes and approve them.
		Rules for VGDC membership 
		Get started on some projects
	Update channels in the discord
		Verification method
 		Give everyone a role called unverified, they can only see an intro channel. Which tells them everything about how to get verified and once they are verified they will be able to see all the other channels.
 		Have a bot, dm a user, get their email, email them some codes and then verify with those codes. 
		Ryan is setting up discord bot for css-server, once that is done. Usman will make a GitHub project, and anyone can feel free to contribute 
	Roles
		Roles channel when people join, artist, musician, pronouns, branch of game-dev knowledge. 
		Also add people who are interested in game jams or joining a big team for game-dev
		Developer role for people who are developing a game / in a team and make other channels accessible for those people
		Shayan and Connor can help with making roles 
		Shayan will plan out list of text channels and roles then ping connor, add a discord bot for reaction roles 
		Usman will add the bot to the discord and connor will set it up 
	Get a Google account up and running for the club
		Make a discord account and give server ownership to that account
		uwinvgdc@gmail.com
		Make a discord account to transfer ownership of server
		Have the website up and running 
		Usman will get on to this after Finals, 
		Shayan is taking a course for website and animation, and will help with this
	Ideas:
		Start page is the logo and when you click it does an animation to the actual website
		Workshop tab that shows past workshops, pictures, and pre-recorded workshops
	Board Rules of Order Changes
		03 Quorum requirement for Board Meetings
		04 Minor Tweak to rule 01
	Report on VPReg 01
	VGDC x CSS workshop 
		Shayan can you set this up, if so when?
		Start of reading week pong or chess?
		Connor, Usman, or Julia; in their respective capacities with VGDC, can talk to Usman in his capacity as CSS Head of Events.
	Constitutional Interpretion:
		Does the Moderation authority of the Head of Community (and thus, the so called "chadmins") extend to the #board-channel
		Alternatively, is the #board-channel treated as the forum for a continuous board meeting, and thus is protected by the constitution in the same way a Board Meeting is
		Interpretation 1: The Moderation authority of the Head of Community does extend to the #board-channel, and the constitution does not protect it the same way it does a Board Meeting
		Moved By Connor Horman
		Motion abandoned as moot
		Interpretation 2: The Constitution Does protect it, and that protection supersedes the Moderation authority of the Head of Community
		Moved By Usman Farooqi
		Seconded by Allyssa
		Interpretation Adopted
	Constitution changes 
		I want to go over the constitution and change some stuff
	Game Challenge?
		Julia you were talking about this in one of the channels
		Make a game in 48hrs
		Make a scratch game in 3hrs maybe?

	GitHub page for the club
		Add everyone to the GitHub VGDC Repository 
			
		
Meeting minutes:

 Convene meeting
	Meeting convened under rule 1 at 20:12
 Appoint Speaker
Usman Farooqi appointed as speaker under rule 1 
Adopt Agenda 
	Amended minutes adopted 
 Discussion Items
 Adjourn Meeting
	Meeting Adjourned at 21:07 
	
	
March Meeting ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


	01. Convene Meeting
The VGDC Board will vote to convene the Meeting

Attendance: Connor Horman, Amitoz, Julia Sabelli, Tanzim Hossain
Explained Absence: 
Unexplained Absence: 

Meeting Convened: 19:02
02. Appoint Speaker
The Board will vote to appoint a speaker
Amitoz to be appointed as speaker.
Motion Carried
03. Adopt Agenda
The Board will vote to adopt the agenda.

Motion Carries.
04. Approve Minutes
The Board will vote to approve the minutes from the 2022-03-24.

Motion Carries. Head of Operations directed to publish.
05. Welcome to Board (Non-motion)
The President will welcome new and returning members to the Second Executive and Second Board of the VGDC.
06. Constitutionally Required Items
The Board will consider a motion of Non-confidence against all executive positions or a motion to disband the current executive.

07. Review Existing Board Regulations
The Board will review Regulations made by previous boards and vote on whether to dispose of any.

08. New Board Regulations
The Board will vote on new Regulations:
Board Regulation 9 (substantive) - Setting Board Procedure for Constitutional Amendment
Motion Carried
First Reading of Board Regulation 10 (procedural) - Proposing Amendment to the VGDC allowing the Board to establish a succession order for the positions of President and Treasurer.
Approved on First Reading, Tabled for Final Consideration at June Meeting.
09. Election Issues/Concerns
The Board will vote to refer The Head of Operations to the Vice President to report on any issues or concerns raised during the 2022 Executive or Board Elections, if any.

Report Not Recorded to Minutes by Request of Head of Operations.
10. Goodwin Proposal
The Board will enter a discussion re. proposal by Professor Scott Goodwin.
11. Open Discussion
The Board will enter an open discussion.
Lack of Engagement/Participation in Election Periods
Board has authority to issue ballots for Board Positions, President can Order Ballots Issued for Treasurer 
Promotion  - Julia can Promote on UWindsor Student Discord w/ consent of Tanzim, Connor or Someone (President Regulation 3) can go to UWSA
More CSS Workshops - Julia can talk to Usman (Or Julia can talk to Julia, that works to)
3d Platformer?
Unfilled Treasurer Position - Currently no constitutional way to exercise those powers w/o someone in the position.
President can appoint Treasurer, Want to get someone not on Board, but offered to Amitoz Otherwise.
12. Adjourn Meeting
The Board will Adjourn the Meeting

Meeting Adjourned: 20:21


MAY MEETING -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


	
	
	
01. Convene Meeting
The VGDC Board will vote to convene the Meeting

Attendance: Connor Horman, Amitoz, Tanzim Hossain
Explained Absence: Julia Sabelli
Unexplained Absence: 

Meeting Convened
02. Appoint Speaker
The Board will vote to appoint a speaker

Connor to be appointed as speaker.
Motion carries.
03. Adopt Agenda
The Board will vote to adopt the agenda.

Motion Carries.
04. Approve Minutes
The Board will vote to approve the minutes from the 2022-05-19 meeting.

Motion Carries. Head of Operations directed to publish.
05. New Board Regulations
The Board will vote on new Regulations:
Final Consideration of Board Regulation 10 (substantive) - Proposing Amendment to the VGDC allowing the Board to establish a succession order for the positions of President and Treasurer.
Additional Clauses:
Succession order does not kick in if there is a tie until tie is resolved
VP removed from succession order for Treasurer
President can appoint/call an election for Treasurer before succession order
Approved on Final Reading
Connor appointed to prepare the amendment
Board Regulation 11 (procedural) - Establishing a Subgroup for Design of a Game Library as proposed by Professor Scott Goodwin. Discussed in Item 06
Tabled for July meeting

06. Goodwin Proposal
The Board will enter a discussion re. proposal by Professor Scott Goodwin, and establishment of the subgroup. 
Connor will request Prof Goodwin to attend a board meeting
Need more details from him about subgroup and project

07. Non-Board Regulation Reports
The Members of the Board will report on any regulations they have made with respect to their positions since the May 17th meeting
President Regulations
President Regulation 04: Regarding Club Membership
08. Open Discussion
The Board will enter an open discussion.
Unfilled Treasurer Position - Currently no constitutional way to exercise those powers w/o someone in the position.
Amitoz to be appointed as Treasurer by President
09. Adjourn Meeting
The Board will Adjourn the Meeting

Meeting Adjourned: 20:13

	
	




