01. Convene Meeting
  The VGDC Board will vote to convene the Meeting

  Attendance: Connor Horman, Yasir Saeed, Nafiz Hassan, Amotiz Brar, Tanzim Hossain
  Explained Absence:
  Unexplained Absence: Julia Sabelli

  Non-board attendees:

  The presiding officer will address non-board attendees regarding meeting rules:
  Non-board attendees are not permitted to vote and votes from them will not be counted, nor will objections raised by them count against unanimous consent
  Non-board attendees shall refrain from speaking during a voting period, and from attempting to enter objections or motions
  Non-board attendees may participate in discussion and raise informal objections to Board actions
  Non-board attendees are required to conduct themselves in a professional and appropriate manner, and refrain from speaking over others, including members of the Board, and shall refrain from use of excessive profanity. Non-board attendees may interrupt the speaker to get their attention.
  The Board has the authority to remove any non-board attendee from the meeting at any time for any reason or for no reason

  Meeting Convened 19:05
  
02. Appoint Speaker
  The Board will vote to appoint a speaker
  Motion Carried
  
03. Adopt Agenda
  The Board will vote to adopt the agenda.
  Motion Carried

04. Approve Minutes
  The Board will vote to approve the minutes from the 2022-10-02 meeting.
  Motion Carried
  
05. New Board Regulations And Constitutional Amendments
  The Board will vote on new Regulations:
    Board Regulation 18 - Consolidate Election Rules and repeal superseded Board Regulations 4, 5, 6, and 7.
      Motion Carries
    Board Regulation 19 - Establish Succession Order for President/Treasurer according to Constitution Amendment 1.
      Motion Carries

08. Board Transparency
  The Board will enter a discussion regarding transparency and accessibility of the Board to the General Membership.

09. Non-Board Regulation Reports
  The Members of the Board will report on any regulations they have made with respect to their positions since the August 4th meeting
    Head of Operations:
      Voting procedures superseded by Board Regulation 18
      
10. Events and Goals for Upcoming Primary Term
  The Board will enter a discussion about events, projects, and goals during the Fall 2022 and Winter 2023 semesters. 

  Game Project
    Connor: Platformer using a rust game engine (possibly with scripting).
      https://doc.rust-lang.org/book
      Julia to Organize the Project and lead work on the Game
      Connor to lead engine design
      Repository: https://github.com/uwindsorvgdc/Game-Project 
    Platformer: pixel art- 
      Parkour platformer
        Like Celeste
        Few or no enemies, just platforming

11. Governance/Constitution Review
  The Board will conduct an in-depth review of Board Regulations and the Constitution
  Constitution:
    General:
      marked for removal:
        2: can be moved into 1
        5: unnecessary
        7: unnecessary
        9: unnecessary
        8: typos
    Executive:
      marked for removal:
        1.1.1: obvious
        1.1.3: already covered in General
        1.1.5: check UWSA policy
        2.2: completely unnecessary
        2.6: succession order defined elsewhere
    1: use short name
    3: remove summer part
    
12. Open Discussion
    The Board will enter an open discussion.

13. Adjourn Meeting
  The Board will Adjourn the Meeting
  Meeting adjourned 20:37
