01. Convene Meeting
The VGDC Board will vote to convene the Meeting

Attendance: Connor Horman, Amitoz, Julia Sabelli, Tanzim Hossain
Explained Absence: 
Unexplained Absence: 

Meeting Convened: 19:02
02. Appoint Speaker
The Board will vote to appoint a speaker
Amitoz to be appointed as speaker.
Motion Carried
03. Adopt Agenda
The Board will vote to adopt the agenda.

Motion Carries.
04. Approve Minutes
The Board will vote to approve the minutes from the 2022-03-24.

Motion Carries. Head of Operations directed to publish.
05. Welcome to Board (Non-motion)
The President will welcome new and returning members to the Second Executive and Second Board of the VGDC.
06. Constitutionally Required Items
The Board will consider a motion of Non-confidence against all executive positions or a motion to disband the current executive.

07. Review Existing Board Regulations
The Board will review Regulations made by previous boards and vote on whether to dispose of any.

08. New Board Regulations
The Board will vote on new Regulations:
Board Regulation 9 (substantive) - Setting Board Procedure for Constitutional Amendment
Motion Carried
First Reading of Board Regulation 10 (procedural) - Proposing Amendment to the VGDC allowing the Board to establish a succession order for the positions of President and Treasurer.
Approved on First Reading, Tabled for Final Consideration at June Meeting.
09. Election Issues/Concerns
The Board will vote to refer The Head of Operations to the Vice President to report on any issues or concerns raised during the 2022 Executive or Board Elections, if any.

Report Not Recorded to Minutes by Request of Head of Operations.
10. Goodwin Proposal
The Board will enter a discussion re. proposal by Professor Scott Goodwin.
11. Open Discussion
The Board will enter an open discussion.
Lack of Engagement/Participation in Election Periods
Board has authority to issue ballots for Board Positions, President can Order Ballots Issued for Treasurer 
Promotion  - Julia can Promote on UWindsor Student Discord w/ consent of Tanzim, Connor or Someone (President Regulation 3) can go to UWSA
More CSS Workshops - Julia can talk to Usman (Or Julia can talk to Julia, that works to)
3d Platformer?
Unfilled Treasurer Position - Currently no constitutional way to exercise those powers w/o someone in the position.
President can appoint Treasurer, Want to get someone not on Board, but offered to Amitoz Otherwise.
12. Adjourn Meeting
The Board will Adjourn the Meeting

Meeting Adjourned: 20:21
