01. Convene Meeting
    The VGDC Board will vote to convene the Meeting

    Attendance: Amitoz Brar, Connor Horman, Julia Sabelli, Tanzim Hossain
    Explained Absence: 
    Unexplained Absence: 

    Meeting convened at 19:00

02. Appoint Speaker
    The Board will vote to appoint a speaker
    Connor appointed as speaker.
 
03. Adopt Agenda
    The Board will vote to adopt the agenda.
    Motion carries.
 
04. Approve Minutes
    The Board will vote to approve the minutes from the 2022-08-04 meeting.
    Motion carries.

05. New Board Regulations And Constitutional Amendments
    The Board will vote on new Regulations:
        Board Regulation 11 (procedural) - Establishing a Subgroup for Design of a Game Library as proposed by Professor Scott Goodwin. Discussed in Item 06
            Disposed of.
        Board Regulation 12 (procedural) - Set Goals for the Board and the VGDC for the 2022-2023 Primary Term.

06. Goodwin Proposal
    The Board will enter a discussion re. proposal by Professor Scott Goodwin, and establishment of the subgroup. 
    Connor will follow up with Dr. Goodwin.

07. Non-Board Regulation Reports
    The Members of the Board will report on any regulations they have made with respect to their positions since the August 4th meeting

08. Welcome Week and Events and Goals for Upcoming Primary Term
    The Board will enter a discussion about events to be held during Welcome Week in September 2022, and events during the Fall 2022 and Winter 2023 semesters. 

    Events
        Welcome Week Presentation, Sept. 9th
            Changes - Potentially In Person
            Time to be set by CSS
            Usman… 
            If in person, CSS also needs to tell us where.
            Event needs to be ratified
                Motion Carries
            SMB1 World 1-1 in Kaboom.js
                Everyone to work on the workshop
            Connor to work on Presentation and give it,
                Tanzim to take over in the event Connor cannot be there.
        September General Meeting?
            Hold after By-election, likely first couple weeks of October.
            Present Goals, events, etc.
            Game Project
                Connor: Either a platformer or VN, using a rust game engine (possibly with scripting).
                    https://doc.rust-lang.org/book
                Amitoz: Top down Zombie survival. Unity using C++/#. Logging every week.(asset production tutorial?)
                Platformer: pixel art- 
                Parkour platformer
                    Like Celeste
                    Few or no enemies, just platforming

09. Open Discussion
    The Board will enter an open discussion.

10. Adjourn Meeting
    The Board will Adjourn the Meeting
    Meeting adjourned at 19:45
