01. Convene Meeting
    The VGDC Board will vote to convene the Meeting

    Attendance: Connor Horman, Tanzim Hossain, Julia Sabelli, Amitoz Brar
    Explained Absence: 
    Unexplained Absence: 

    Non-board attendees: Jeremie Bornais, Usman Farooqi, Zain Raza

    The presiding officer will address non-board attendees regarding meeting rules:
    Non-board attendees are not permitted to vote and votes from them will not be counted, nor will objections raised by them count against unanimous consent
    Non-board attendees shall refrain from speaking during a voting period, and from attempting to enter objections or motions
    Non-board attendees may participate in discussion and raise informal objections to Board actions
    Non-board attendees are required to conduct themselves in a professional and appropriate manner, and refrain from speaking over others, including members of the Board, and shall refrain from use of excessive profanity. Non-board attendees may interrupt the speaker to get their attention.
    The Board has the authority to remove any non-board attendee from the meeting at any time for any reason or for no reason

    Meeting convened: 19:14
    
02. Appoint Speaker
    The Board will vote to appoint a speaker
    Connor voted as speaker
    
03. Adopt Agenda
    The Board will vote to adopt the agenda.
    Motion carries
    
04. Approve Minutes
    The Board will vote to approve the minutes from the 2022-08-23 meeting.
    Motion carries
    
05. New Board Regulations And Constitutional Amendments
    The Board will vote on new Regulations:
        Board Regulation 12 (procedural) - Set Goals for the Board and the VGDC for the 2022-2023 Primary Term.
            Add short form to Regulation 17
            Abandoned, Board should address time-sensitive actions in some way other than a regulation
        Board Regulation 15 (procedural) - Consolidate Definitions for terms used in Board Regulations into a single regulation
            Add short form to Regulation 17
            Motion Carries
        Board Regulation 16 (procedural) - Provide mechanisms for increased board transparency (defer discussion to Item 6)
            Add short form to Regulation 17
            Motion Carries
        Board Regulation 17 (procedural) - Adopt Short Summaries for each Regulation (defer until after all other New Board Regulations are adopted or tabled)
            Other Regulatory authorities are suggested to do the same independently for their regulations.
            Motion Carries

06. Board Transparency
    The Board will enter a discussion regarding transparency and accessibility of the Board to the General Membership.

07. Non-Board Regulation Reports
    The Members of the Board will report on any regulations they have made with respect to their positions since the August 4th meeting
    President Regulation 6 - Authorizing the Board to make regulations regarding general attendance rules, and delegating in part the President's authority to admit members to the Board
    President Regulations 1, 2, and 5 were repealed as moot.
    President Regulation 7 - Short Summaries of President Regulations

08. Events and Goals for Upcoming Primary Term
    The Board will enter a discussion about events, projects, and goals during the Fall 2022 and Winter 2023 semesters. 

    October General Meeting?
        Hold after By-election, likely the first couple weeks of October.
        Present Goals, events, etc.
        Set date for October General Meeting
    Game Project
        Connor: Platformer using a rust game engine (possibly with scripting).
            https://doc.rust-lang.org/book
            Julia to Organize the Project and lead work on the Game
            Connor to lead engine design
        Platformer: pixel art- 
            Parkour platformer
                Like Celeste
                Few or no enemies, just platforming
        Official Project Designation:
            Motion Carries

09. Welcome Week Failure
    The Board will enter a discussion regarding communication issues that occurred during the planning for Welcome Week, and decide on steps to take in addressing the failures, if any steps are deemed necessary

10. Open Discussion
    The Board will enter an open discussion.
    Jeremie: Governance needs to be removed
    
11. Adjourn Meeting
    The Board will Adjourn the Meeting
    Meeting adjourned at 22:03
