01. Convene Meeting
  The VGDC Board will vote to convene the Meeting

  Attendance: Connor Horman, Tanzim Hossain, Nafiz Hasan
  Explained Absence:
  Unexplained Absence: Julia Sabelli, Yasir Saeed, Amitoz Brar

  Non-board attendees: Jeremie Bornais

  The presiding officer will address non-board attendees regarding meeting rules:
  Non-board attendees are not permitted to vote and votes from them will not be counted, nor will objections raised by them count against unanimous consent
  Non-board attendees shall refrain from speaking during a voting period, and from attempting to enter objections or motions
  Non-board attendees may participate in discussion, raise informal objections to Board actions, or recommend the Board take some action the Board may take
  This applies to discussion prior to any Substantive or Procedural Action
  Non-board attendees are required to conduct themselves in a professional and appropriate manner, and refrain from speaking over others, including members of the Board, and shall refrain from use of excessive profanity. Non-board attendees may interrupt the speaker to get their attention.
  The Board has the authority to remove any non-board attendee from the meeting at any time for any reason or for no reason

  Meeting convened at 20:05

02. Appoint Speaker
  The Board will vote to appoint a speaker
  Tanzim appointed as speaker.
  
03. Adopt Agenda
  The Board will vote to adopt the agenda.
  Agenda adopted
  
04. Approve Minutes
  The Board will vote to approve the minutes from the 2022-11-06 meeting.
  Minutes approved
  
05. New Board Regulations And Constitutional Amendments
  The Board will vote on new Regulations:

06. Non-Board Regulation Reports
  The Members of the Board will report on any regulations they have made with respect to their positions since the November 6th meeting

07. Events and Goals for Upcoming Primary Term
  The Board will enter a discussion about events, projects, and goals during the Fall 2022 and Winter 2023 semesters. 

  Game Project
  Connor: Platformer using a rust game engine (possibly with scripting).
  https://doc.rust-lang.org/book
  Julia to Organize the Project and lead work on the Game
  Connor to lead engine design
  Repository: https://github.com/uwindsorvgdc/Game-Project 
  Platformer: pixel art- 
  Parkour platformer
  Like Celeste
  Few or no enemies, just platforming
  Workshops at CSS Winter Game Jam
  CSS going to run a Game Jam over Winter Break, games must feature the CSS Mascott "Chip the Cool Cat" few other requirements
  Jeremie thinks it is a good idea for VGDC to hold workshops before and/or during.
  Game Jam isn't necessarily related to VGDC's role - workshops don't need to be directly related to the Game Jam, just hosted around it.
  Jeremie: Game Jam to possibly start on December 27th.
  Jeremie: VGDC could hold multiple workshops, one maybe at the start at the December - before exams - then one after exams, and possibly one during the Game Jam.
  Nafiz: During winter break, not many people may show up.
  Tanzim: Winter Break would be online… in-person was not the move.
  Connor: I recommend online - I think in-person wouldn't work well, especially if people are potentially online as well or online only. 
  Tanzim: Do you have suggestions for making it more interactive
  Connor: Well, they can ask questions
  Jeremie: Audience could provide input as well as asking questions - presenter can also ask questions of the audience.
  Connor: Doing hybrid over discord is not a really good option
  Jeremie: Any reason for Discord over say Teams?
  Connor: Well… This discord is where the VGDC conducts business, but I don't have any specific objections to Teams.
  Tanzim: Any ideas for what was done
  Nafiz: Has to be 2d, a platformer?
  Tanzim: No to plaformer, Isn't our game project a platformer?
  Connor: Yes
  Tanzim: It should be simpler
  Connor: Pong? That's about as simple as it can get
  Tanzim: No to pong, we did that before as well.
  Tanzim: Should we do before exams? What day does exams start.
  Connor: I believe the last day of classes is the 8th. 
  Tanzim: So maybe run the workshop on the 8th?

11. Governance/Constitution Review
  The Board will conduct an in-depth review of Board Regulations and the Constitution
  Constitution:
    General:
      marked for removal:
        2: can be moved into 1
        5: unnecessary
        7: unnecessary
        9: unnecessary
        8: typos
    Executive:
      marked for removal:
        1.1.1: obvious
        1.1.3: already covered in General
        1.1.5: check UWSA policy
        2.2: completely unnecessary
        2.6: succession order defined elsewhere
        1: use short name
        3: remove summer part
    Board:
      Section 1:
        1: short title
        2: Head of Operations
      Section 3:
        2: first point time period can be condensed to just “the year”
      Section 5:
        revisiting member fee
      Section 6:
        strike “to maintain records…”
        
12. Open Discussion
  The Board will enter an open discussion.
  Misc. motions:
    Motion to elect a new president.
    Motion to elect a new vice-president.
    Motion to approve the club's budget for the upcoming year.
    Motion to discuss and vote on the club's plans for the upcoming year.
    Motion to purchase new video game consoles for the club.
    Motion to purchase new video games for the club.
    Motion to elect a new treasurer.
    Motion to approve the treasurer's report.
    Motion to approve the club's financial statement.
    Motion to approve the payment of bills.
    Motion to purchase new equipment for the club.
    Motion to donate old equipment to charity.
    Motion to consider and vote on new member applications.
    Motion to decide on meeting times and locations for the upcoming year.
    Motion to remove a member from the club.
    Motion to determine the club's activities for the upcoming year.
    Motion to allow the president to sign cheques on behalf of the club.
    Motion to prevent the president from signing cheques on behalf of the club.
    Motion to disallow new members from joining the club.
    Motion to communicate with other clubs.
    Motion to form committees.
    Motion to form a partnership with another club.
    Motion to speak to Connor about the website.
    Motion to seek sponsorship from a local business.
    Motion to hold a fundraiser.
    Motion to search for a new meeting place.
    Motion to speak with Dr. Kobti regarding the club.
    Motion to allow motions to be made from the floor.
    Motion to not adorn the meeting place with video game memorabilia.
    Motion to jump to item 19 on the agenda.
    Motion to allow GPT-3-Generated motions to be considered at this meeting.
    Motion to disband the club.
    Motion to remove the conga line requirement from the club's bylaws.
    Motion to disband congress.
    Motion to secede from the union.
    Motion to change the club's name to the "UWindsor Video Game Design Club (formerly the UWindsor Video Game Design Club)".
    Motion to move the meeting to a different location.
    Motion to search for Dr. Who's TARDIS.
    Motion to search for who asked.
    
13. Adjourn Meeting
  The Board will Adjourn the Meeting
  Meeting adjourned at 21:23
