01. Convene Meeting
  The VGDC Board will vote to convene the Meeting

  Attendance: Tanzim Hossain, Connor Horman, Julia Sabelli, Nafiz Hasan, Amitoz Brar
  Explained Absence: 
  Unexplained Absence: Yasir Saeed

  Non-board attendees: 

  The presiding officer will address non-board attendees regarding meeting rules:
  Non-board attendees are not permitted to vote and votes from them will not be counted, nor will objections raised by them count against unanimous consent
  Non-board attendees shall refrain from speaking during a voting period, and from attempting to enter objections or motions
  Non-board attendees may participate in discussion and raise informal objections to Board actions
  Non-board attendees are required to conduct themselves in a professional and appropriate manner, and refrain from speaking over others, including members of the Board, and shall refrain from use of excessive profanity. Non-board attendees may interrupt the speaker to get their attention.
  The Board has the authority to remove any non-board attendee from the meeting at any time for any reason or for no reason

  Meeting convened at 17:05
  
02. Appoint Speaker
  The Board will vote to appoint a speaker
  Connor appointed as speaker.
  
03. Adopt Agenda
  The Board will vote to adopt the agenda.
  Motion carries
  
04. Approve Minutes
  The Board will vote to approve the minutes from the 2022-09-13 meeting.
  Motion carries

05. Welcome New Board Members
  Welcome to Yasir Saeed as Head of Community and Nafiz Hasan as Head of Development

06. Constitutionally Required Items
  The Board will consider a Motion of No Confidence against all executive positions, and/or a Motion to Disband the Executive.
  Motion disposed
  
07. New Board Regulations And Constitutional Amendments
  The Board will vote on new Regulations:
  Repeal Board Regulation 14 as moot and make consequential amendments to Board Regulation 17
  Motion carries

08. Board Transparency
  The Board will enter a discussion regarding transparency and accessibility of the Board to the General Membership.
  
09. Non-Board Regulation Reports
  The Members of the Board will report on any regulations they have made with respect to their positions since the August 4th meeting

10. Events and Goals for Upcoming Primary Term
  The Board will enter a discussion about events, projects, and goals during the Fall 2022 and Winter 2023 semesters. 

  October General Meeting?
    Hold after the By-election, likely the first couple weeks of October.
    Present Goals, events, etc.
    Set date for October General Meeting:
      October 17, 18:00
    Yasir to Announce and get started on a Slide Show
      Announce Game Project and Roles
    Work on Prep during Reading week
  Game Project
    Connor: Platformer using a rust game engine (possibly with scripting).
      https://doc.rust-lang.org/book
      Julia to Organize the Project and lead work on the Game
      Connor to lead engine design
      Repository: https://github.com/uwindsorvgdc/Game-Project 
    Platformer: pixel art- 
      Parkour platformer
        Like Celeste
        Few or no enemies, just platforming
        
11. Governance/Constitution Review
  The Board will conduct an in-depth review of Board Regulations and the Constitution
  Tabled
  
12. Open Discussion
  The Board will enter an open discussion.

  Connor: Board should set Succession order for President to exclude Treasurer at a minimum.
  
13. Adjourn Meeting
  The Board will Adjourn the Meeting
  Meeting adjourned at 17:49
