Date: Feb, 09, 2022 
Start time: 8:00pm
End time: 9:00 pm
Meeting duration: 1 hour
Items to be discussed during the meeting:
	.Review last month's minutes and approve them.
		Rules for VGDC membership 
		Get started on some projects
	Update channels in the discord
		Verification method
 		Give everyone a role called unverified, they can only see an intro channel. Which tells them everything about how to get verified and once they are verified they will be able to see all the other channels.
 		Have a bot, dm a user, get their email, email them some codes and then verify with those codes. 
		Ryan is setting up discord bot for css-server, once that is done. Usman will make a GitHub project, and anyone can feel free to contribute 
	Roles
		Roles channel when people join, artist, musician, pronouns, branch of game-dev knowledge. 
		Also add people who are interested in game jams or joining a big team for game-dev
		Developer role for people who are developing a game / in a team and make other channels accessible for those people
		Shayan and Connor can help with making roles 
		Shayan will plan out list of text channels and roles then ping connor, add a discord bot for reaction roles 
		Usman will add the bot to the discord and connor will set it up 
	Get a Google account up and running for the club
		Make a discord account and give server ownership to that account
		uwinvgdc@gmail.com
		Make a discord account to transfer ownership of server
		Have the website up and running 
		Usman will get on to this after Finals, 
		Shayan is taking a course for website and animation, and will help with this
	Ideas:
		Start page is the logo and when you click it does an animation to the actual website
		Workshop tab that shows past workshops, pictures, and pre-recorded workshops
	Board Rules of Order Changes
		03 Quorum requirement for Board Meetings
		04 Minor Tweak to rule 01
	Report on VPReg 01
	VGDC x CSS workshop 
		Shayan can you set this up, if so when?
		Start of reading week pong or chess?
		Connor, Usman, or Julia; in their respective capacities with VGDC, can talk to Usman in his capacity as CSS Head of Events.
	Constitutional Interpretion:
		Does the Moderation authority of the Head of Community (and thus, the so called "chadmins") extend to the #board-channel
		Alternatively, is the #board-channel treated as the forum for a continuous board meeting, and thus is protected by the constitution in the same way a Board Meeting is
		Interpretation 1: The Moderation authority of the Head of Community does extend to the #board-channel, and the constitution does not protect it the same way it does a Board Meeting
		Moved By Connor Horman
		Motion abandoned as moot
		Interpretation 2: The Constitution Does protect it, and that protection supersedes the Moderation authority of the Head of Community
		Moved By Usman Farooqi
		Seconded by Allyssa
		Interpretation Adopted
	Constitution changes 
		I want to go over the constitution and change some stuff
	Game Challenge?
		Julia you were talking about this in one of the channels
		Make a game in 48hrs
		Make a scratch game in 3hrs maybe?

	GitHub page for the club
		Add everyone to the GitHub VGDC Repository 
			
		
Meeting minutes:

 Convene meeting
	Meeting convened under rule 1 at 20:12
 Appoint Speaker
Usman Farooqi appointed as speaker under rule 1 
Adopt Agenda 
	Amended minutes adopted 
 Discussion Items
 Adjourn Meeting
	Meeting Adjourned at 21:07 
