01. Convene Meeting
	The VGDC Board will vote to convene the Meeting

	Attendance: Tanzim Hossain, Julia Sabelli, Connor Horman
	Explained Absence: Amitoz Brar
	Unexplained Absence:

	Meeting Convened at 18:58

	Rules of Order Amendment for meeting: Board will sit continuously until Item 8 is resolved and Regulation 12 is either adopted or disposed of. Approved by Unanimous consent.

02. Appoint Speaker
	The Board will vote to appoint a speaker
	Connor Horman is appointed as Speaker.
	
03. Adopt Agenda
	The Board will vote to adopt the agenda.
	Motion Carries.
	
04. Approve Minutes
	The Board will vote to approve the minutes from the 2022-06-07 meeting.
	Motion Carries.
	
05. New Board Regulations And Constitutional Amendments
	The Board will vote on new Regulations:
		Board Regulation 11 (procedural) - Establishing a Subgroup for Design of a Game Library as proposed by Professor Scott Goodwin. Discussed in Item 06
			Tabled until Discussion in Item 06
		Amendment 1 (by 2/3s) - Allowing the Board to establish Succession Order
			Motion Carries.
		Board Regulation 12 (procedural) - Set Goals for the Board and the VGDC for the 2022-2023 Primary Term.
			Tabled until Discussion in Item 08

06. Goodwin Proposal
	The Board will enter a discussion re. proposal by Professor Scott Goodwin, and establishment of the subgroup. 
		No response to request to attend this meeting from Professor Goodwin
		Board can either Table the proposal again for another month, or table it indefinitely and put on the record that it is not going forward with the proposal at the current time.
		Julia: Board should table for a month and follow up with Goodwin
		Tabled until august meeting, Connor will follow up with Professor Goodwin.

07. Non-Board Regulation Reports
	The Members of the Board will report on any regulations they have made with respect to their positions since the May 17th meeting
		President Regulations
			President Regulation 5 - Appointing Amitoz Brar as Treasurer under Article II - Section 2, Clause 4.

08. Welcome Week and Events and Goals for Upcoming Primary Term
	The Board will enter a discussion about events to be held during Welcome Week in September 2022, and events during the Fall 2022 and Winter 2023 semesters. 
		Events
			Table to August Meeting after CSS Events Meeting
		September General Meeting?
		Game Project
			Poll CSS on kind and scope of project.
			List of potential Projects, poll General Meeting with that list.
			Each Board Member should by the august meeting, come up with at least 2 potential game projects.
			Tabled to August Meeting

09. Unfilled Board Positions
	The board will enter a discussion about the unfilled positions of Head of Operations, Head of Development, and Head of Community.
		Hold By-election in september
		Issue Ballots after Welcome Week?
			September 11th
			Connor to write up Regulation issuing ballots on the 25th for august meeting

10. Open Discussion
	The Board will enter an open discussion.

11. Adjourn Meeting
	The Board will Adjourn the Meeting
	Meeting Adjourned 19:49
