01. Convene Meeting
The VGDC Board will vote to convene the Meeting

Attendance: Connor Horman, Amitoz, Tanzim Hossain
Explained Absence: Julia Sabelli
Unexplained Absence: 

Meeting Convened
02. Appoint Speaker
The Board will vote to appoint a speaker

Connor to be appointed as speaker.
Motion carries.
03. Adopt Agenda
The Board will vote to adopt the agenda.

Motion Carries.
04. Approve Minutes
The Board will vote to approve the minutes from the 2022-05-19 meeting.

Motion Carries. Head of Operations directed to publish.
05. New Board Regulations
The Board will vote on new Regulations:
Final Consideration of Board Regulation 10 (substantive) - Proposing Amendment to the VGDC allowing the Board to establish a succession order for the positions of President and Treasurer.
Additional Clauses:
Succession order does not kick in if there is a tie until tie is resolved
VP removed from succession order for Treasurer
President can appoint/call an election for Treasurer before succession order
Approved on Final Reading
Connor appointed to prepare the amendment
Board Regulation 11 (procedural) - Establishing a Subgroup for Design of a Game Library as proposed by Professor Scott Goodwin. Discussed in Item 06
Tabled for July meeting

06. Goodwin Proposal
The Board will enter a discussion re. proposal by Professor Scott Goodwin, and establishment of the subgroup. 
Connor will request Prof Goodwin to attend a board meeting
Need more details from him about subgroup and project

07. Non-Board Regulation Reports
The Members of the Board will report on any regulations they have made with respect to their positions since the May 17th meeting
President Regulations
President Regulation 04: Regarding Club Membership
08. Open Discussion
The Board will enter an open discussion.
Unfilled Treasurer Position - Currently no constitutional way to exercise those powers w/o someone in the position.
Amitoz to be appointed as Treasurer by President
09. Adjourn Meeting
The Board will Adjourn the Meeting

Meeting Adjourned: 20:13
